Milder language on README (#135)
pytest-dev/pytest-timeout: README.rst

.. |pre-commit| image:: https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/pytest-dev/pytest-timeout/master.svg
   :target: https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/pytest-dev/pytest-timeout/master

> To catch tests that take much more time than what you expect them to.

Reviewer: Let's just remove this line

Author: ```suggestion

```

.. warning::

   Please read this README carefully and only use this plugin if you

>    understand the consequences.  This plugin was designed to catch
>    gross, not precise, and unexpected timings.  Remember your test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   understand the consequences.  This plugin is designed to catch
   excessively long test durations like deadlocked or hanging tests,
   it is not designed for precise timings or performance regressions.
   Remember your test
```
